Normalized gasket request (#973)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-request/README.md

# @gasket/request

The purpose of this package is to provide a consistent request object for Gasket
plugins and apps to use, regardless of the request handling framework.

## Installation

#### Existing apps

```shell
npm install @gasket/request
```

## Functions

### GasketRequest

The `GasketRequest` class is a representation of a request object that can be
used by Gasket plugins and apps. It is a consistent shape that can be used
across different request handling frameworks.

A `GasketRequest` object has the following properties:
- `headers` - (object) Request headers
- [`cookies`] - (object) Request cookies
- [`query`] - (object) Query parameters

> - [`path`] - (string) Request path

Reviewer: Are these square brackets for showing these are optional? If so, when would `path` be missing? I also wonder wonder if it'd be easier if none of these were optional (path would default to `/`, cookies to `{}`, query to `{}`, etc).

Author: Yea, good callout. Reminds me I need to add some tests for path, also. It's possible for path NOT to exist for "static" GasketRequest objects for some prerendered page scenarios. Certainly not common. Perhaps we could default to empty string for path, with empty objects for cookies and query.

A `GasketRequest` can be created from a Node `IncomingMessage` object, an Express
`Request` object, or a Next.js `NextRequest` object, amongst others.

```js
import { GasketRequest } from '@gasket/request';

export default async function handler(req, res) {

>   const gasketRequest = new GasketRequest.make(req);

Reviewer: Are these typos? I can see `new GasketRequest(...)` or `GasketRequest.make(...)` but not both in conjunction?

Author: That's a typo

  // use gasketRequest
}
```

You can also assemble a `GasketRequest` object from parts of a request object.
The only required property is the `headers`, which is used as a caching key to
ensure the same `GasketRequest` instance is used throughout the request lifetime.

```js
import { GasketRequest } from '@gasket/request';

const headers = {
  'x-example': 'example'
};

const staticGasketRequest = new GasketRequest.make({ headers });
````

### makeGasketRequest

> Another way to create a `GasketRequest` object is to use the `makeGasketRequest`.

Reviewer: Do we need two ways to create these? Maybe we should just have one blessed gasket creation function in the module interface.

Author: Yea, we don't need 2 ways. Probably wisest to only have one for discussion and debugging.

```js
import { makeGasketRequest } from '@gasket/request';

export default async function handler(req, res) {
  const gasketRequest = makeGasketRequest(req);
  // use gasketRequest
}
```

### withGasketRequest

> A higher-order function that wraps an action handler function and provides a

Reviewer: This is for a Next.js server action, right? I'd clarify what you mean by "action" here. Also, is the name `withGasketRequest` specific enough to clarify that this is for server actions? Maybe this could live in `@gasket/next` and have a name like `gasketServerAction` or something like that.

Reviewer: Hm, maybe this isn't about next.js specifically?

Author: Its actually for GasketActions. I lifted this idea from your switchboard plugin. Will clarify in the docs

  }
);

// example usage
await gasket.actions.myAction(req);
```

> If you action need additional arguments, you can pass them following the `gasketReq`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your action needs additional arguments, you can pass them following the `gasketReq`.
```

# @gasket/request

The purpose of this package is to provide a consistent request object for Gasket
plugins and apps to use, regardless of the request handling framework.

## Installation

#### Existing apps

```shell
npm install @gasket/request
```

## Functions

### GasketRequest

The `GasketRequest` class is a representation of a request object that can be
used by Gasket plugins and apps. It is a consistent shape that can be used
across different request handling frameworks.

A `GasketRequest` object has the following properties:

| Property | Type   | Description       | Arguments     |
|----------|--------|-------------------|---------------|
| headers  | object | Request headers   | required      |
| cookies  | object | Request cookies   | default: `{}` |
| query    | object | Query parameters  | default: `{}` |
| path     | string | Request path      | default: `''` |

> The only required property to create a `GasketRequest` is the `headers` which

Reviewer: Probably don't need this note for end-users since creation always goes through `makeGasketRequest` in the public interface.
